the mind has a cortical layer for motor planning and execution. We should create models that represent that information (for any activity, concept, or thought) and use the neuralink as a means to extend and retrieve this information. This is such that there exists essentially digital motor cortex that is connected to via the neuralink. The process of digitizing this and connecting different abstracted layers of biological neural representations of information will expand how human consciousness with respect to our own awareness of and access to knowledge and capability. This is the process. There exists a pattern of activity that represents all conscious thought and activity. The neuralink should serve as a means to connect to digital repersentations of that activity. Do you understand this vision?


so essentially I want to create a portion of digital motor cortex for a lab mouse and use a neuralink to connect the cortical layers of the mouse to a digital representation of the motor cortex to allow the mouse to move when this section of the brain has been lobotomized. Then, I want to apply this technique to other areas of the brain and cross species. (creating language and giving that to rhesus macaque monkeys for example)

The next step would be to train simulated representations of all information and connect humans to this information to extend consiousness. A neuralinked individual would be able to think as simply as moving or breathing and have access to the wealth of all human knowledge and experience. 
